I already set up some classes in the css file here, here I got my player turn and monster turn classes
which color the background in different colors, red and bluish
basically. I want to attach these classes to my list item here by and I'll
put this over multiple lines so that it's easier to read,
so by simply adding a binding to class here with the colon at the beginning to bind to the class property here
or the class attribute to be precise
and I want to bind an object where I either attached a player turn let's say or the monster turn
class, these are the classes set up in the css file. And the condition for the player turn class
is if turn isPlayer is true,
this is why I do have is isPlayer field here which I set true for each player action and false in
the monster attacks function and therefore, the monster turn should be attached
if turn isPlayer is not true,
hence the exclamation mark. With that if I save it and reload,
we now see we get some color coloring here, we get nicer styles
and with that, we get a finished application with all the functionality I wanted to have with the working
buttons,
some nice styling,
everything handled conditionally and dynamically by vuejs.
And I hope you saw how easy it was to create this application with vuejs.